somebody may not be aware I have a new
courtroom judge show my trusty bailiff
Guillermo nigh and I have been hearing
cases of all kinds these are real cases
we pride out of small claims court here
in LA County and real litigants who
agreed to have their cases heard by me
Judge James this is the plaintiff Idina
mccullough she claims that after moving
out of the defendants home six of her
storage totes containing valuables worth
five thousand dollars were thrown away
leaving her totally Tobi's this is the
defendant Siobhan Smith she claims she
never agreed to store the totes and that
the contents of the totes were worth far
less than five thousand dollars it's the
case of every tote counts rise for Josh
James what you are about to witness is
real the participants are not actors
they're actual litigants with a case
pending in civil court both parties have
agreed to drop their claims to have
their case decided here by Judge James
the litigants has been sweating your
honor what uh litigants I've been
swaying you honor
they've been sworn in my honor yeah oh
that's nice thank you guys all right
Idina mccullough that's me you are suing
Siobhan Smith for $5,000 you claimed she
threw out six totes tote bags uh as in
storage bins Ola you can see Donna oh
yeah everybody else cause she's never
guys sorry you Josh it's okay
he defended threw out six totes of
valuable personal items you left at her
residence shortly after you moved out
yes Miss Smith you acknowledge that miss
McCullough left belongings at your
residence but there was never an
agreement that she would be allowed to
do that and on top of that you do not
believe they were worth $5,000 Hey
exactly okay how long did you live
together from April until September
always however we were supposed to be
moving into a different residence so
you're moving into a house together that
was our plan and this was a problem
she was so wishy-washy she changed her
plan
no issue in she it was very simple we
want to win wishy very simple from the
from the very little wishy not washing
I'm not watched yet all but wishy I was
not where she was she more wishy or
washing more wish cuz she was wishing I
would do what she wanted me to do okay
when did it turn unfriendly and what
happened it turned unfriendly when
things popped up that the Dima had said
about me to another mutual
what did you say Adina what did I say
exactly she's basically the evidence
basically she invaded my privacy is what
she did did you is that true it's sort
of like that it was not my intention to
invade her privacy I was taking a
sabbatical from Facebook so I deleted my
facebook can trick your honor she was in
my facebook message and again and so I
was searching for meal plans and I was
sending them to a secondary account on
Facebook once I typed in my name my name
pops up in the conversation and the
conversation was tantalizing so I
clicked it on now I want to see why my
name was so popular
were there any hashtags and no there
weren't there weren't any hashtags
anonymous it's all up right here can I
see some of this sure these are just
text messages your honor she said I'm
gonna pay the $800 as discussed I paid
everything is set for two hundred and
fifty bucks which you will shoot the
issue your honor which is a way though
you were wishing that she would pay you
so you were the wish e1 and she may have
been more washy in this she set up the
payment arrangement Judge James she set
it up I love when you call me Judge
James by the way thank you me too I love
two computers that were left behind what
was the MacBook and the other one was a
Dale what property is missing can we go
through that head would you like
receipts yeah sure I like you know I
have all of the reels everything here we
know you're good at a computer one of
these things is a George Foreman grill
I'm angry oh that's right George eggs we
shop at the thrift store that most of
that stuff don't shop that's the first
song I do shopping group several of them
so she tried it today yeah she does she
doesn't know where I bought my things
you lived with me for five months I like
that George Foreman were we not from a
regard list that's what it's worth
what's this picture by the way
somebody's sleeping that's proof of
things with our hat there behind me
evidence Locker that's right I was
knocked out I work hard I go to work
once I want to go clean her room Judge
James I physically got sick there were
fleas from her dog it was disgusting and
deplorable yeah and I have plenty of
pictures of her home to show you how
this what disgusting and deplore boy is
motherf lesion not dog let me tell you
my dog was itching when we were at her
home and her father also has a dog in
the second day after I left her home my
dog no longer itchy leaving the hell is
that even
to show you evidences that where I've
showed her videos of the dog here in
Dayton upstairs some cement or you made
videos of the dog urinating Yankel
against the cover and master smell to
her daddy's dog peed all over the house
how many Glade plugins did you buy
anymore those in the tooth there was no
bling plugin I love this so much I need
to I could go on vacation with the two
of you are you texting right now no just
you're gonna kill me I'm trying to pull
up my evidence your honor okay
please pull up your evidence I am gonna
take a break and I'm gonna go to my
chambers and when I come back I will
rule on this case will Judge James grant
the washy wishes of the plaintiff or the
defendant Judge James verdict when we
return
this plaintiff is steaming mad that she
lost her George Foreman grill this
defendant says it's time to set it and
forget it and this witness wants to know
where the gray plugins went their change
is about to rule let's listen could I
show you this your honor
hold on you can sit down you know you
don't need to show it to me um well
first of all I feel a little bit wishy
washy on this ironically myself it is a
shame that your friendship has dissolved
so I'm gonna award the plaintiff $2,500
and secondly I'm good even though the
defendant isn't suing I'm gonna award
the defendant $2,500 so you will each
get $2,500 on the condition that you hug
and and promise to try to make your
friendship work yeah I'm she threw away
all my items you know what I do find it
hard to believe that there were five
thousand dollars worth of items it was
six totes it was not your honor and I
wouldn't do that to her at the end of
the Chindia
but you did it and you could have picked
up the mouse you get the drink well
we'll get you a drink as well
I don't want listen I got some the whole
way down you know yeah go and don't just
yes not ah that's very nice the
corridors you both $2,500 god bless
everyone okay we're finished
wash your washing let's go from finish
wash your washing yes you take this with
me wow that was really great the
litigants run away and actually to both
winners technically you didn't even ask
for money but Judge James offered you
$2,500 and you're the same let me ask
you something this are you happy with
the decision I feel like Judge James
gave us an opportunity to rebuild our
friendship that it costs more than any
told any amount of money and I just feel
like we should really heed his advice
because I think he said some really good
things in there I feel like the question
on everyone's mind is is your
relationship at all sexual in nature no
no she is sexy though oh let's get this
party started
very nice cheers each other all right
remember if you have a dispute don't
take matters into your own hands don't
bring it to Judge James either on the
next judge James you paid the defendant
three thousand two hundred thirty nine
dollars for to Louis Vuitton handbags
I have no purses no wallets oh and how
have you been carrying your things I
have another person have another purse
yeah is this correct parch did you just
say parsh yeah get in say doc please
don't use language like that in my court
again or I'll have you destroyed
I don't become right
I might run
for justice hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you
enjoyed the video hit subscribe and if
you don't click subscribe
this invisible hamster will die